Update CHANGELOG (post PR #4783) (#4988)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

- Plugins limited to one instance per type.
- Improves allocation sampling behavior at startup for
  a more even distribution of samples.
- Assembly conflict resoluton startegy for .NET (See
 [docs/assembly-conflict-resolution.md](./docs/assembly-conflict-resolution.md))
  - Extend IL rewriting of assembly references for Native Profiler
    deployment on .NET
  - Implement isolation for StartupHook-only deployment (.NET only)
  - Assembly conflict resolution strategy for .NET Framework is not changed
  - Automatically enable assembly redirection depending on deployment for .NET

>     and .NET Franmework: yes for Standalone deployment, no for NuGet deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and .NET Framework. Enabled for Standalone deployment, and disabled for NuGet deployment
```
